Flag to compile oneTBB without threads (#1303)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: WASM_Support.md

```
mkdir build && cd build
emcmake cmake .. -DCMAKE_CXX_COMPILER=em++ -DCMAKE_C_COMPILER=emcc -DTBB_STRICT=OFF -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS=-Wno-unused-command-line-argument -DTBB_DISABLE_HWLOC_AUTOMATIC_SEARCH=ON -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=ON -DTBB_EXAMPLES=ON -DTBB_TEST=ON
```

> To compile oneTBB without pthreads, please pass the flag "-DEMSCRIPTEN_WITHOUT_PTHREAD=true" in the above command. By default, oneTBB uses the pthreads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compile oneTBB without ``pthreads``, set the flag ``-DEMSCRIPTEN_WITHOUT_PTHREAD=true`` in the command above. By default, oneTBB uses the ``pthreads``.
```

cmake --build . <options>
cmake --install . <options>
```
To compile oneTBB without pthreads, please pass the flag "-DEMSCRIPTEN_WITHOUT_PTHREAD=true" in the emcmake command,. By default, oneTBB uses the pthreads.
Where:

> * ``emcmake`` - a tool that sets up the environment for Emscripten*. 

Reviewer 2: - `,.` → `.`
- Maybe put the new paragraph after the "emcmake, DCMAKE..."  bullet list?
